Answers to frequently asked questions about the unilateral visa-free regime for Russian citizens
2025-10-01 02:45

Question 1: Are there any additional requirements for minors entering China under the visa-free regime?
Answer: The requirements for visa-free entry for minors are the same as for adults.
Question 2: Can Russian citizens who enter China to participate in sports events, conferences, exhibitions, educational trips (summer/winter camps), etc. b
exempted from visas?
Answer: Individuals entering China to participate in sports events, conferences, and exhibitions, as well as educational trips (summer/winter camps), an
staying in China for a maximum of 30 days, may be exempt from the visa requirement, but must have a valid foreign passport.
Question 3: Does the visa-free regime apply to tourist groups?
Answer: The visa-free regime applies to Russian citizens who meet its conditions, regardless of whether they enter China as part of a tourist group o
individually.
Question 4: Do the Chinese border control authorities check the purpose of entry into China? How will this be done? Do I need any other documents for entr
besides my passport?
Answer: Russian citizens who arrive in China for purposes that meet the conditions for visa-free entry (including business and tourism purposes, as well a
visits to relatives and friends, exchange visits, or transit visits) are allowed to enter China after being checked by the border control authorities in accordance wit
the law. The border control authorities may refuse entry to Russian citizens who travel for purposes that do not meet the requirements for visa-free entry or who ar
legally prohibited from entering China. It is recommended that you carry documents such as an invitation, airline tickets, and hotel reservations as proof of you
intended purpose for entering China. The visa-free regime does not apply to those who are visiting China for work, study, journalism, or similar purposes.
Question 5: Are there any requirements for the type and validity of documents?
Answer: Russian citizens must have a valid foreign passport that is valid for the entire period of their stay in China. The regime does not apply to individua
with a travel document issued by the Russian Federation, as well as temporary and emergency documents, or any other document other than a foreign passport.
Question 6: Does the visa-free regime apply to Russian citizens traveling from third countries?
Answer: Russian citizens who meet the conditions for a visa-free regime can enter China from any country or region.
Question 7: Does the visa-free regime apply to travelers by other means of transport than aviation?
Answer: The visa-free regime applies to all travelers entering China through any sea, land, or air border crossing point open to foreign citizens (except a
provided by law, regulations of the People's Republic of China, or bilateral documents). For those entering China by private means of transportation, it is necessar
to complete the formalities for their entry and exit in accordance with the current laws and regulations of China.
Question 8: How is the 30-day stay calculated?
Answer: The stay period is calculated from the day following the day of entry and lasts continuously for 30 calendar days.
Question 9: If a Russian citizen's stay exceeds the visa-free period (30 days), can they continue their stay in China?
Answer: Russian citizens who plan to stay in China for more than 30 days must apply for a visa in advance at the Chinese Embassy or Consulates, dependin
on the purpose of their stay. If they need to stay in China for more than 30 days for valid reasons after entering China without a visa, they should contact the Publ
Security Entry and Exit Administration to apply for a residence permit before the visa-free period expires.
Question 10: Does the visa-free regime allow for multiple entries? Are there any requirements for the duration of intervals between entries or restrictions o
the number of visa-free entries or the total duration of stay?
Answer: Russian citizens who meet the conditions of the visa-free regime can enter China multiple times without a visa. Currently, there are no restrictions o
the number of entries or the total duration of stay, but individuals who use the visa-free regime are prohibited from engaging in activities that contradict thpurposes of their entry.
Question 11:Do Russian citizens arriving in China under the visa-free regime need to declare their trip to the Chinese Embassy or Consulate in Russia i
advance?
Answer: Russian citizens who meet the conditions for a visa-free regime do not need to declare their trip to the Chinese Embassy or Consulates in advanc
before entering China.
Question 12: If a Russian citizen who entered China under a visa-free regime loses their passport, which was verified and stamped by the border contro
authorities, can they use a temporary travel document issued by their country's embassy or consulate to leave China?
Answer: If a Russian citizen who entered China under a visa-free regime has a new passport, an emergency passport, a travel document, or other entry an
exit documents when leaving China due to the loss or damage of the original document, the border control authorities will check the identification information
entry record, or document loss certificate and supporting materials from the relevant embassy or consulates in China in accordance with the law. Provided that th
above materials are correct and the Russian citizen has not violated the law, including not exceeding the period of visa-free stay, it is possible to arrange procedure
for his departure in accordance with the law.
In the event that a Russian citizen who entered under a visa-free regime exceeds the period of visa-free stay, it will be considered a violation subject to th
jurisdiction of the border control authorities, who will act in accordance with the law and regulations. For other violations that fall outside the jurisdiction of th
border control authorities, individuals concerned should contact the entry and exit authorities of the public security services or other authorized authorities to tak
action, and then submit the relevant documents to the border control authorities for processing exit procedures.