How it happens - furniture tour 

In the framework of the program, we take care of all the formalities related to
the trip:
•Visa processing;
•Booking of air tickets and hotels;
•Registration of all documents;
•Monitoring the fulfillment of the Customer's wishes.

Our company is not a trading intermediary; we organize, coordinate, and take
responsibility for the entire turnkey process.

Preparing for the trip.
•Furniture trips are organized to the south of China, to the city of Guangzhou.
•The tour duration is 7 to 14 days. It depends on the size of the purchase, the
preparation of the program, and your work capacity. The travel plan is
customized for each customer.
•Visa opening: You must provide a passport and 1 33*48 mm color photo to apply
for a visa.
•Hotels. The Furniture Tour program offers accommodation in basic 4 - 5* hotels
that provide comfortable living conditions, European cuisine, and a range of
services familiar to Europeans.
•Flight tickets: standard flights to Guangzhou via Moscow, Beijing, Istanbul, and
Paris. We are always happy to find the best flight for your individual needs.
•Note: During the Canton Fair, from April 15 to May 7 and from October 15 to
November 7, hotel and flight prices increase significantly.

Selection of furniture.
A furniture tour to China - selection of furniture, finishing materials, plumbing,
lighting, decor, and textiles.
During the trip, the Client selects the product (furniture, finishing materials,
plumbing, lighting, decor, and textiles) with the help and assistance of our
accompanying guide and translator.
Ordering and buying furniture in China is significantly different from ordering
furniture in Italy. As a rule, high-end Italian furniture is ordered through catalogs.
Furniture in China is ordered directly at showrooms, factory representative offices,
and exhibition complexes, where samples of collections are displayed. If you like the
manufacturer's samples and want to view the entire furniture collection, you will
need to visit the factory's showroom. Factories typically do not have completecatalogs of their furniture due to the rapid changes in furniture collections. Factories
are located within a radius of up to 150 km. from exhibition centers, but if you have
decided on a manufacturer, then it is worth going to the factory, because all
furniture can be bought from one manufacturer.
You can see this furniture, touch it with your own hands, and feel the quality of the
materials.
The accompanying translator will help you to clarify all the questions you have on the
spot, such as the composition, materials, dimensions, weight, and volume of the
products, as well as their packaging.
While accompanying you through the shopping areas, our tour guides make every
effort to ensure that you receive the best discounts.

Making an order.
The final step is to place an order for the selected furniture.
•We will help you exchange currency and pay for the furniture you like.
•Our staff will check the accuracy of the order details and ensure that the
invoices issued match your selection.
•When you return home from your trip, you will receive a summary report about
your furniture tour. This report will include the total purchase amount, the
prepayment amount, the second payment amount, and the production timeline.
Quality assurance of furniture.
During the purchase process, the guide-accompanying person clarifies on the spot
what kind of warranty a particular seller (manufacturer) of furniture provides.
In the case when you purchase furniture from well-known manufacturers from
trusted suppliers, when the furniture is delivered that does not meet the parameters
of the set quality, our company has the right to make claims for compensation of
quality on the basis of contracts signed with manufacturers. When you purchase
furniture from unknown manufacturers, then we cannot give any guarantees of the
quality of the furniture.
However, no matter how the situation develops, our company will always protect
your interests. We will try to resolve the issue of replacing the furniture or its
components, or to obtain a certain compensation from the factory.
So, the issue of furniture quality guarantees is always solvable.
Furniture delivery from China.
After the order is placed and manufactured, your furniture, carefully packed and
insured, will be shipped after you.We provide our warehouses for storing your goods until the last orders arrive, or we
can arrange for your goods to be delivered in stages: first the finishing materials,
then the furniture, lighting, and decor.
Our employee will create a loading map and ensure that the container is loaded
correctly: light items are placed on top, heavy items are placed on the bottom, and
glass items are separated by soft items.
From the moment you choose your products to the moment they are delivered to
your door, we take care of your cargo.

Payments.
Payment for furniture, finishing materials, decorative items, and other goods
purchased during the Furniture Tour is made in two stages:
•During the trip, the product is selected and prepayment is made to the suppliers
(from 5% to 30% for custom-made furniture and 100% for available furniture or
special price offers);
•At the end of the trip, a report on the purchases made is prepared (total
purchase amount, prepayment amount, second payment amount, and
production time). The second payment is made after the report is approved and
includes an additional payment for the product and payment for the services of
Furniture Tour.
Customization of goods in Russia and door-to-door delivery.
We work with experienced brokers who know how to properly, profitably, and
quickly process all the necessary documents.
After completing all the formalities, you will receive your cargo at the specified
address.
Your task is to make a choice, and our task is to deliver your order on time and
safely to your location.