Furniture Manufacturing in China

There are about 80,000 furniture factories in China, employing over 15 million
people.
Furniture manufacturers in China are mainly concentrated in the south and east, as
well as in the northern and northeastern regions of the country. More specifically,
the main production centers are in the provinces of Zhejiang, Guangdong, Jiangsu,
and Shanghai. Of the total production, about 35% is made of wood, 50% is made of
metal, and 15% is made of soft materials.
Production and Furniture Centers in the Southern Region of China
The largest furniture manufacturers are located in southern China, with the main
production bases in Guangdong and Fujian provinces.
In monetary terms, the volume of furniture production in Guangdong Province
reaches 30%, and the export of furniture reaches 40% of China's annual output.
Currently, there are approximately 10,000 furniture factories in Guangdong. The
main furniture manufacturing enterprises are located in the Pearl River Delta
(Zhujiang) production zone.
China Furniture Center
The suburb of Foshan city Letsun is rightfully considered the main furniture center
not only in China, but also throughout the world, for which in business circles it is
called the city of furniture and furniture center. There are about 1000 furniture
factories and more than 3500 representative offices of manufacturers of various
types of furniture. And also about 180 large shopping centers specializing exclusively
in all kinds of furniture. The total area of the shopping pavilions exceeds 3.2 million
square meters. The number of furniture items for various purposes is about 20,000.
About 30,000 potential customers visit the furniture shopping centers every day.
Fujian Province is also one of the largest furniture-producing areas in China. There
are over 3,000 furniture factories and plants in the province. The coastal part of the
province is home to manufacturers of furniture for homes, kitchens, offices, schools,
hotels, as well as upholstered and antique furniture. The inland and mountainous
areas are home to manufacturers of wooden, wicker, and wrought iron furniture, as
well as bamboo and rattan products.
Production and Furniture Centers in the Eastern Region of China
This area includes the city of Shanghai and the provinces of Jiangsu and Zhejiang. It
produces 25% of all Chinese furniture and exports 40%. Well-known brands include
Huaweimei and Xilinmen.Shanghai is one of the largest furniture "sellers" in China. The total area of furniture
shopping malls in the city is more than 2.8 million square meters.
Jiangsu Province produces 10% of China's total furniture output. Notable cities
include Nantong, Yancheng, and Lianyungang, which specialize in wooden furniture,
Changzhou, which produces wooden and steel furniture, Suzhou, which produces
mahogany furniture, and Nanjing, which produces kitchen furniture.
Zhejiang Province is the second largest furniture-producing province in China (after
Guangdong). There are 3,000 furniture enterprises in this province. The main
production bases of the province include the following cities: Hangzhou for office
and upholstered furniture, Taizhou for classic European-style furniture, Huzhou for
office chairs, Yiwu for mahogany furniture, Shaoxing for mattresses, Haining for
leather sofas, and Ningbo for kitchen cabinets and bar counters.
Manufacturing and Furniture Centers in the Northern Region of China
This region, centered on Beijing, includes the provinces of Shandong, Hebei, and the
central city of Tianjin. . There are 7,500 furniture factories here, employing 1.2
million people. Local enterprises mainly produce antique furniture, following the
traditions of the Ming and Qing dynasties. Brands such as Tiantan, Qumei, Lanniao,
and Huari are widely known in the north.
Production and furniture centers in the Northeastern region of China (Heilongjiang,
Jilin, and Liaoning provinces)
The total production in this area accounts for 5% of the total output of furniture in
China. This geographical area has abundant forest resources, which is why it is
primarily known for producing wooden furniture. Well-known local brands include
Huafeng, Huahe, and Guangming.
Production and Furniture Centers in the Western Region of China
The main centers of furniture production are the cities of Chengdu and Xi'an, which
are emerging manufacturing bases. Their development is driven by high demand
and, consequently, large consumption of furniture products in these cities. Popular
local brands such as Meishi, Quanyou, Zhongshan, Nanfang, and Mingzhu have
already emerged in these cities.