Delivery, customs

Containers: dimensions, capacity, and load capacity.
20 foot container: volume of 28 squared meters. Average capacity with packaging of 3 - 5 tons of
furniture. Encompasses a complete apartment
or house up to 150 squared meters.
40 foot container: volume of 62 squared meters. Average capacity with packaging of 5 - 8 tons of
furniture. Encompasses the furnishings of an apartment, house,
turnkey restaurant up to 300 squared meters.
Detailed information can be found below.
Terms of cargo delivery to Russia.
12 days sea freight from Guangzhou to Vladivostok.
3 - 4 days customs clearance in Vladivostok.
1 - 2 days loading the container on the railway in Vladivostok.
14 days container transportation by rail from Vladivostok to Yekaterinburg.
Total, delivery time of the container Guangzhou - Yekaterinburg 30 - 33 days.

Note:
•This calculation is made up to the city of Yekaterinburg, if there are no delays
anywhere (estimated delivery time). In practice, this time is most often 35 - 45
days.
•If the container is not to be delivered to Yekaterinburg, the delivery time by rail
to your city will change.

There are two ways to clear customs in Russia:
•On your own. We provide a full package of export documents for your cargo, so
you can easily clear customs on your own by contacting your customs broker in
your city. We are also ready to provide you with the necessary documents for
customs clearance if your package differs from the standard one. However, our
package of documents is usually sufficient, and there are no issues with customs
clearance.
•Through our customs broker in Vladivostok. We clear your cargo in Vladivostok
and a cleared container goes to you.

Most often, people use our customs clearance services because it's cheaper and they
don't have to spend their own time on it. We handle customs clearance every day and
know where it can be done faster and cheaper. If you decide to do it yourself, you'll
still need to contact a customs broker in your city and research all the customsrelated issues yourself.
To get an idea of the size of customs payments in Russia, you can check out the
Approximate weight of different types of furniture and Customs duty rates for
certain imported goods at our customs broker in Vladivostok.