Production time 10-12 business days in normal mode, 5-7 business days in urgent mode, express by
agreement
Payment upon visa availability, the price includes the Consular fee
Submission is impersonal, without your presence at the Consulate
We have been working without intermediaries since 2009
From 15.09.2025 to 14.09.2026 China introduces a visa-free regime for trips on time up to 30 days.
The following visa categories are still available: Student X1 and X2, Work Z, Driver C, Family S1, Q1.
Social F, tourism L, business M, family S1/S2-Q1/Q2, if more than 30 days per visit

•Attach your birth certificate if you were born outside the Russian Federation
•If you have been in Turkey for more than 29 days without leaving the country, your passport will be delayed for
6-8 weeks.
•To apply for a visa, you will need an original foreign passport, a scan of your Russian passport, a color photo on
a white background in electronic format, and a completed application form.
•The invitation must be in English or Chinese. If you do not have an invitation, please check if it is possible to
apply without one.
•Issuance of C driver's visas (annual visas with a stay of 30 days per visit) and R talent visas (10-year visas)
•Issuance of multiple-entry visas for children linked to their parent's visa
•Long-term visas for more than 180 days require biometric data to be submitted at the Consulate


Apostille - Legalization of Documents for China
19,000 rubles for 8 working days
30,000 rubles for 3 working days

The cost per 1 document
The processing time starts after the original documents are received at the Moscow office (excluding courier
delivery).
* We require a notarized copy of a foreign passport, driver's license, or military ID to legalize a foreign passport,
driver's license, or military ID

The price includes all fees and turnkey processing
List of documents:
- Original document
- Copy of the foreign passport
- Copy of the Russian passport (page with photo and registration)
- Copy of the passports of those applicants whose data is specified in the document

A trip to China requires a visa, unless you are traveling with an organized tour group. The Chinese Consulate is
open three times a week from 9:30 a.m. to 12:00 p.m. Russian citizens can apply for a visa to China on their own.
You can find the required documents and submission procedures on the official website of the Chinese Consulate
in Yekaterinburg. However, anyone who has ever had to apply for a visa knows how time-consuming and
challenging it can be.
Our company is accredited at the Consulate of the PRC in Yekaterinburg and provides such a service as the
registration of visas to China in Yekaterinburg without the applicant's personal presence. How to get a visa? The
list of required documents: a foreign passport, a color photo and a questionnaire, which you can fill out at our office. If you do not have the opportunity to come to the office in person, you can send the documents by express
mail or " flying envelope " of S7 or Ural Airlines. This is all that is required of you to obtain a visa to China.
Since 2010, we have been professionally processing visas to China for all categories, both tourist and business, and
we keep up with all changes and requirements in the Chinese visa legislation. Call us, ask us, and we will be happy
to answer all your questions.